Hey, everybody.
We forgot, before the end of the last episode,
to do a leveling up session,
because the Mighty Nein hit level 15
when they reached the city of Cognouza.
(cheering)
So we're gonna go ahead and do that now,
go around and roll some hit dice
and see what the next level's gonna be.
Let's go ahead and start,
we'll start over here.
TRAVIS: Me?
You seem at the ready, Travis.
I'm gonna take a level in warlock,
which will make me level twelve, so I roll a d8.
That is a seven!
SAM: Wow.
MATT: Slick.
Perfect for a warlock.
That's nice.
That goes to your rolled HP, right?
That's real nice.
A level in warlock.
(laughing)
LAURA: Am I up, I'm up?
MATT: You're up, Laura.
I'm gonna roll this pink dice for Jester.
I roll a d8.
No, I rolled a one!
Re-roll ones.
Eight, go eight, eight.
Two!
Hey.
(laughing)
This dice is not playing tonight!
Twice as good as one.
There you go.
Happened to me last time.
It is, I rolled two twice in a row now.
Sad. Sad.
It's a shame, your completely useless character.
Pretty much.
Nobody likes your character.
(laughing)
Liam.
Nothing I do here will get me past a hundred.
A six!
(cheering)
Still haven't passed a hundred.
I think that's the least giving a shit
dice throw I've ever seen you do.
That was like a Salt Bae toss.
All right, Sam.
Here's mine.
Three.
Three, all right.
Better than Jester.
Sure, sure.
LAURA: Thank you.
MATT: Sorry.
I'm going to do this one.
You've moved past it.
You can't do worse than me.
Five!
There you go. Five.
Working our way out.
Working our way.
Four.
And?
It's gonna be over six, it's gonna be over six.
We got three, we got four.
MARISHA: It's a one.
MATT: Re-roll ones.
It's okay, you're gonna get a big one.
It's a five.
(cheering)
MATT: Respectable, respectable.
MARISHA: Not too bad. Okay.
All right.
With that being said, everyone will be arriving at level 15
when we pick up the episode at the arrival of Cognouza.
See you then.
(cheering)
(dramatic music)